 `References:` 
1. Ashworth, B., Hank, M., Khaiyat, O., Coyles, G., Fallon Verbruggen, F., Zemkova, E., Zahalka, F., & Maly, T. (2025). Early Rate of Force Development and Maximal Strength at Different Positions of the Athletic Shoulder Test in Baseball Players. Sports, 13(9), 300.
2. García, F., Schelling, X., Castellano, J., Martín-García, A., Pla, F., & Vázquez-Guerrero, J. (2022). Comparison of the most demanding scenarios during different in-season training sessions and official matches in professional basketball players. Biology of Sport, 39(2), 237–244.
3. Junior, M. N. S. d. O., Veneroso, C. E., Ramos, G. P., Johnson, K. E., Guilkey, J. P., Sena, A. F. d. C., Cabido, C. E. T., & Cholewa, J. M. (2021). Distance and intensity profiles in Division I women's soccer matches across a competitive season. Sports, 9(5), 63.
4. Koyama, T., Nishikawa, J., Yaguchi, K., Irino, T., & Rikukawa, A. (2024). A comparison of the physical demands generated by playing different opponents in basketball friendly matches. Biology of Sport, 41(2), 527–533.
5. Nakatani, M., Murata, K., Kanehisa, H., & Takai, Y. (2021). Force-velocity relationship profile of elbow flexors in male gymnasts. PeerJ, 9, e10907.
6. Parkinson AO, Apps CL, Morris JG, Barnett CT, Lewis MGC. The Calculation, Thresholds and Reporting of Inter-Limb Strength Asymmetry: A Systematic Review. J Sports Sci Med. 2021 Oct 1;20(4):594–617. doi:10.52082/jssm.2021.594. PMCID: PMC8488821; PMID: 35321131.
7. Prudholme, D. C., Coburn, J. W., Lynn, S. K., & Lockie, R. G. (2022). Relationships between sprint, acceleration, and deceleration metrics with training load in Division I collegiate women's soccer players. Journal of Human Kinetics, 85(1), 53–62.
8. Ruiz-Rios, M., Setuain, I., Cadore, E. L., Izquierdo, M., & Garcia-Tabar, I. (2024). Physical conditioning and functional injury-screening profile of elite female soccer players: a systematic review. International Journal of Sports Physiology and Performance, 19(11), 1355–1366.
9. Şahbat, Y., Kütük, E., Çat, G., Ünsalan, O., Kart, H., Topkar, O. M., Baysal, Ö., & Erol, B. (2022). An unusual injury pattern: arm wrestling injury, treatment modalities, clinical outcomes, and return to sport. Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica, 56(1), 1–6.
10. Schaefer, L. V., Carnarius, F., Dech, S., & Bittmann, F. N. (2023). Repeated measurements of Adaptive Force: Maximal holding capacity differs from other maximal strength parameters and preliminary characteristics for non-professional strength vs. endurance athletes. Frontiers in Physiology, 14, 1020954.
11. Spiering, B. A., Clark, B. C., Schoenfeld, B. J., Foulis, S. A., & Pasiakos, S. M. (2023). Maximizing Strength: The Stimuli and Mediators of Strength Gains and Their Application
to Training and Rehabilitation. Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research, 37(4), 919–929.
12. Tavares, N., Vilas-Boas, J. P., & Castro, M. A. (2025). Effect of Preventive Exercise Programs for Swimmer's Shoulder Injury on Rotator Cuff Torque and Balance in Competitive Swimmers: A Randomized Controlled Trial. Healthcare, 13(5), 538.
13. Xiao, M., Nguyen, J. N., Hwang, C. E., & Abrams, G. D. (2021). Increased lower extremity injury risk associated with player load and distance in collegiate women's soccer. The Orthopaedic Journal of Sports Medicine, 9(10), 23259671211048248.
